fix: dead raw images link (#138)
Ultramarine-Linux/wiki: src/content/docs/en/setup/getting.mdx

Ultramarine is also available as a raw (or preinstalled) image. These images come with a desktop preinstalled and are intended to be flashed directly to the drive your device will boot from (like an SSD or an SD card.)

> These can be found in the [Raw Image](https://images.fyralabs.com/images/ultramarine/) sections of the download page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These can be found in the [Preinstalled Images](https://images.fyralabs.com/images/ultramarine/) sections of the download page.
```
